c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.deps.json
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.pdb
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\devav\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.deps.json
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.dll
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.dll
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\danie\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.deps.json
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.dll
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.dll
C:\Users\danie\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\WebApplication4.pdb
